1) hero (replace your current top)

Component ID: hero

H1:
Your Full-Time AI Business Team — For a One-Time Fee

Subhead (2 lines):
Get a complete digital team that runs your online business 24/7.
Content, sales, support, and growth — all handled for you, forever.

Primary CTA button: Apply for Your AI System
Secondary CTA button (ghost): See a 60-Second Demo

Badges (inline):

10-Day Launch Guarantee

No Monthly Fees

Works with WhatsApp, Instagram & Web

Micro-trust (small text under CTAs):
No subscriptions. You only top-up low usage credits as you grow — like airtime.

2) your ai team (rename “The Three Pillars” → “Meet Your AI Team” and move above problems)

Component ID: ai-team

Section Title: Meet Your AI Team

Use 3 equal cards (roles), each with a title, 1-line function, and 3 bullets.

Card 1 — The Content Creator

Function line: Produces ready-to-post content and product shots on autopilot.

Bullets:

Turn raw photos into pro-grade images & ads

Consistent posting system (templates + captions)

Saves hours and designer costs

Card 2 — The Sales Manager

Function line: Handles checkout, orders, and payments 24/7 — web + chat.

Bullets:

Smart shopping website or AI checkout via WhatsApp/IG

Instant payment confirmation & order tracking

Zero missed orders, smoother conversions

Card 3 — The Support Team

Function line: Replies instantly, answers FAQs, and keeps customers updated.

Bullets:

24/7 customer replies without you

Returns, delivery, and status updates handled

Frees you to focus on growth

Small caption under the 3 cards:
Together, these roles replace multiple hires — without salaries or management.

3) outcomes (rewrite “Before vs After” to feel like a full team shift)

Component ID: outcomes

Section Title: What Changes When an AI Team Runs Your Business

Before (Manual Chaos)	After (AI Team Running It)
Inconsistent content; posting takes hours or hiring designers	Content auto-created & ready to post daily
Manual checkout & payment confirmations	Smooth checkout + instant confirmations
Customer replies depend on your time	24/7 instant replies and updates
Growth requires hiring more staff	Scale without salaries or management overhead

CTA (small, right-aligned): Watch the 60-Second Demo

4) proof (demo + testimonials)

Component ID: proof

Section Title: See It Working in Real Life

Left column (video):

Block Title: 60-Second Demo

Caption: From message → checkout → confirmation → tracking — all without you.

Button: Try the Live Demo Agent

Right column (testimonials gallery):

Block Title: What Sellers Are Saying

Cards (3–6 real ones): name, handle/business, 1–2 sentence result.

Example placeholder copy (replace with real):

“We stopped chasing DMs. Orders doubled in 3 weeks and I didn’t hire anyone.” — Ada, Fashion Seller

“The website + chat checkout paid for itself in the first month.” — Musa, Home Goods

“Content now posts daily while I’m at work. Zero stress.” — Fola, Skincare

Trust strip (logos or line): Works for boutiques, home goods, skincare, apparel, and more.

5) how it works (3 steps)

Component ID: how-it-works

Section Title: Launch in 10 Days — Here’s the Plan

Step 1 — Diagnose & Plan
We map your products, sales flow, and content needs — then design your AI team.

Step 2 — Build & Train
We set up your website/checkout, connect WhatsApp/IG, and train the AI on your brand.

Step 3 — Go Live & Optimize
You approve. We launch. Your AI team runs 24/7 — with performance tweaks in week 2.

Inline reassurance: Zero tech stress — we do it for you.

6)  guarantee (keep simple, de-emphasize subscriptions)

Component ID: guarantee

Section Title: One-Time Setup, Lifetime System


What’s included (bulleted):

AI Content Creator, Sales Manager, and Support Team — fully configured

Smart shopping website or AI chat checkout (or both)

Payment & order tracking automations

Brand training + templates for content

10-Day Launch Guarantee

Handover + quick-start training

Small note: No monthly fees. You only top-up low usage credits as needed (like airtime).

Guarantee box (distinct card):
No-Stress Guarantee — If it’s not delivered as promised or underperforms vs. your onboarding plan, we refund you in full. No delays, no excuses.

CTA: Apply for Your AI System

7) limited slots (urgency block)

Component ID: slots

Section Title: Limited Onboarding Slots Each Month

Body:
We only deploy a few systems monthly to guarantee quality.
Slots remaining this month: <span id="slots-remaining">3</span>

CTA (accent): Secure Your Slot Now

(Optional) tiny logic your builder can implement:

// pseudo
const TOTAL_SLOTS = 3;
const slotsRemaining = Math.max(0, TOTAL_SLOTS - window.__claimedSlots || 0);
document.getElementById('slots-remaining').textContent = slotsRemaining;


(Even static “3” works — just keep it believable.)

8) faq (broaden beyond “messages”)

Component ID: faq

Do I have to use Instagram/WhatsApp?
No. We can run your AI checkout on your website only, or combine web + chat.

What if I only need a website and content?
Perfect. Your AI team still includes The Content Creator and The Sales Manager. Support can be added anytime.

Is this a subscription?
No monthly fees. It’s a one-time build. You’ll only top-up low usage credits as you grow — like airtime.

How fast can we launch?
In 10 days. That includes setup, training, and go-live.

What if it doesn’t work for my business?
You’re covered by our No-Stress Guarantee — full refund if it’s not delivered as outlined in onboarding.

What do you need from me?
Product info, brand basics (logo/colors), and any existing content. We do the rest.

9) final cta (footer block)

Component ID: final-cta

Headline: Ready to Replace Multiple Hires with One AI Team?

Sub: One-time setup. 24/7 operations. No salaries.
CTA: Apply for Your AI System
Secondary CTA: See the 60-Second Demo

on-page micro tweaks (important)

Rename nav: Home · AI Team · Demo · Pricing · FAQ · Apply

Change all “DMs/messages” heavy lines to broader outcomes (content, sales, support).

Keep “Works with WhatsApp, Instagram & Web” as a badge, not the headline.

Add a “Try Live” button near hero & proof sections linking to your demo agent.

Track events: cta_apply_clicked, demo_played, demo_agent_opened, faq_opened, slots_cta_clicked.